g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe.config
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.pdb
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi_s_Form.Form1.resources
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi_s_Form.Properties.Resources.resources
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe
g:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.pdb
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe.config
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.pdb
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.pdb
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi_s_Form.Form1.resources
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi_s_Form.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Usuarios\Lesmed\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\bin\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe.config
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Mamirmi's Form\Mamirmi's Form\obj\Debug\Mamirmi's Form.pdb
